There was a car accident. Hello,
I am Ji Zhenke Jiangling. There was a car accident here in Shangkou, Piloga.
You should send a car accident immediately.
Victory, Qiqi, did you save me?
Mr. Shuang, you are welcome. These are what I should do.
Yun Lan, don’t protect me.
It's just a show off.
If it hadn't been for it, democracy wouldn't have been driven to the point of resentment.
Is it me who sees the Boris sword, or is it you who commits the sword yourself?
You and your family belong to the same nest,
It's not a good show now.
It's not your wife's business when you come.
Like your illegitimate child
Doctor, how about my mother treating me?
Leave it to try, too much needs to be written